Setting up poetry (#49)
leikoilja/glocaltokens: CONTRIBUTING.md

It uses [black](https://github.com/ambv/black) and [prettier](https://prettier.io/)
to make sure the code follows the style.

`pre-commit` can be used to run all check with one command (see dedicated section below).

## Test your code modification

You can use the `pre-commit` settings implemented in this repository to have
linting tool checking your contributions (see dedicated section below).

When writting unittests please follow the good practises like:

- Use `faker` to fake the data. See [examples](https://faker.readthedocs.io/en/master/)
- Use `mock` to patch objects/methods. See [examples](https://realpython.com/python-mock-library/)

## Pre-commit

With Poetry installed, run `poetry install` in the repo root.
It will create virualenv with all required packages.

If GRPC fails to compile on MacOS, run `export CFLAGS="-DHAVE_UNISTD_H"` first. It should be resolved in GRPC 1.36.

After that you can run [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) with settings included in the
repostory to have code style and linting checks.

Activate `pre-commit` git hook:

```console
$ poetry run pre-commit install
```

Now the pre-commit tests will be done every time you commit.

> You can run the tests on all repository file with the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also run the tests on all repository files manually with the command:
```
